Add documentation of grammatical properties (#92)
globalwordnet/schemas: index.md

This element signifies to an application processing the wordnet that the required wordnet should be loaded as well.
The `<Requires>` element may also be used on a `<LexiconExtension>` for cases where the lexicon extends one wordnet but requires another.

**Grammatical Properties**

> Grammatical properties such as gender, number, case, and tense are represented with the `<Tag>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grammatical properties such as gender, number, case, and tense can be represented with the `<Tag>` element.
```

The `<Tag>` element has a `category` attribute which indicates the type of grammatical property, and the value is the text of the tag

    <LexicalEntry id="ex-gato-n">
        <Lemma writtenForm="gato" partOfSpeech="n">
          <Tag category="gender">masculine</Tag>
        </Lemma>
        <Form writtenForm="gatos">
            <Tag category="number">plural</Tag>
        </Form>
    </LexicalEntry>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A universal tagging scheme is not prescribed and wordnet project owners are free to choose a scheme that works for their data.
```
